her death in the area in search of the blessings to support the games for
computer for portable devices and for consolidation
of life is the public among companies great options the nintendo wii export
360 and I did it being now you know in depth to each one of them
kurt morath 360 yesterday for this year 3
many see demonic has been in doubt when it comes to choosing a
between the three consortiums
well each has its advantages and characteristics the first to emerge in the
market was the strongest it was released in the United States in November
of 2005 by microsoft
prosoft invested heavy on high definition
and in the integration with the internet they have a net own netbooks live
and when you can buy games you can buy movies
if you do everything in it in online game with people this concept was a winner and
he went ahead in innovation
it still took a year for nintendo to launch if one rich in november 2006
the console and brought news for the first time the gremistas and the new
stimuli for the player
remember heavy at the attic interface
is that the interfax that you felt tactile mind what is happening the control
It has a soul the infrared sensor and is also endowed with
Internal gyroscopes then it feels uncomfortable in mind that you do it
know what side you were buying and when you go through an icon or
happens an action it vibrates and the sound comes out of it then the experience
much more human because you have it in your hand is not just
there speaking talking to you
with his departure not only a few years formed is very different
and there i go
hi shot in sales to date buy the product in the united states the task
difficult and it was in the midst of this whirlwind of the market that Sony launched the third
version of playstation just a week after nintendo has announced the success
that is a risk
a first taste appreciation revolutionized the second dvd revolutionized
again
the idea was that he dies
would have the same pair with the inter people then prepared still for high
personal definition in split
and until it was released even though the format war
every dvd and blu ray
so it got no go with the expensive eee cost
excessively expensive
then had a lot of initial rejection without mentioning that control only now won from the
world sixth the delegation
then this case the sony big problems the price of the course and also the
adoption of some postures
it took a lot now that it consolidates after almost two years
succeeding in reaching an acceptable level of sales
the twist or iv and saw twice as much as the other two will apply together
but although the leader in sales has flaws
is the one with his team in the games plus he asks for it
high definition is far from reality
already the export that currently has the most interesting titles
a blow on the head after the end of hd dvd format and high dvd
a definition that ended up losing the war
playstation 3 is the most expensive of all
but it's a powerful enough machine to win new fans
after all the product can also be used as a disc player
blu-ray and replace your old dvd
you can say that one of them is better than the other
she bought people watching the
go to the store try it we end up with the solution goes a lot by the opinion of the
shopkeeper he wants a little to the past for you see who plays you like and
where are they
for me to make a conscious decision do not regret it later
the games are constantly evolving and we are already talking about new features this year for the
three consortia the details you already know that we are all here in a look
digital